11 I’d like to give you a situation and ask you to act it out. You want to get together with a friend this
weekend. Call your friend and ask 3 or 4 questions about when you can meet and what you can do. 

hi this is 금영 im calling because id like to meet this weekend

are you free this weekend?

are you available on sturday?

what would you like to do together

where should we meet?

thats sound great let me know


12 I’m sorry, but there is a problem which I need you to resolve. You realize that you are not able to
meet your friend at the time and the place you agreed upon. Call your friend and explain the problem,
then offer some suggestions. 

Hi, this is 금영. I’m really sorry, but something unexpected came up.

I realized that I won’t be able to meet you at the time and place we planned.

Could we move the meeting to a later time?

Or maybe we could meet at a different place that’s closer for me.

If that’s not convenient for you, we could also reschedule for tomorrow.

Let me know what works best for you.


11 I’d like to give you a situation and ask you to act it out. A friend has invited you for a holiday meal.
Call your friend and ask three or four questions to find out when you should come, what you should
bring and any other information about the event.

Hi, this is Geumyoung.

Thanks for inviting me.

I have a few questions.

What time should I come?

Should I bring something, like dessert or drinks?

Also, how many people are coming?


12. I’m sorry. There is a problem which I’ll need you to resolve.
On your way to your friend’s house, your car breaks down.
You realize you will be very late.
Call your friend and explain what happened in detail.
Then make some suggestions as to how and when you will get to the holiday meal.

Hi, this is 금영.

I'm sorry, but my car broke down.

So I think I will be late.

Maybe I can take a taxi and come later.

If not, we can meet tomorrow.

I'm really sorry.


Hi, this is 금영

I'm really sorry, but I have a problem.
My car broke down on the way to your house.

Because of that, I think I will be very late.

Right now, I'm waiting for a tow truck.

If possible, I will take a taxi and come a little later.

Or maybe I can come after the car is fixed.

If that takes too long, we could also meet tomorrow.

I'm really sorry about this.


11. I'd like to give you a situation and ask you to act it out. Your relatives are going to travel, and their
house is going to be empty. You are asked to take care of the house while they are away on the trip.
Call your relatives and ask 3 or 4 questions about responsibilities that you need to do for them.


Hi, this is 금영.

I heard you’re going on a trip, and I’ll take care of your house.

I just wanted to ask a few things.

First, do I need to water the plants?

Also, should I collect your mail?

And do you want me to feed any pets or check the house regularly?

Lastly, is there anything else you would like me to do?

Let me know. Have a great trip


12. I'm sorry, but there is a problem I need you to resolve.
You just arrived at your relatives' house,
but you cannot get in because you cannot find the key to the house.
Call your relatives and ask several questions to solve the problem.
죄송합니다. 해결해야 할 문제가 있습니다. 친척의 집에 도착했지만 집 열쇠를 찾을 수 없습니다.
문제를 해결하기 위해 몇 가지 질문을 하겠습니다.

Hi, this is 금영.

I just arrived at your house, but I have a problem.

I can’t find the key, so I can’t get inside.

Do you know where the key might be?

Is there a spare key somewhere?

Or is there another way to get into the house?

Also, could you tell me if there is someone nearby who has the key?

Please let me know what I should do.



11. I'd like to give you a situation and ask you to act it out. You want to make a doctor's appointment.
Call the doctor's office and ask 3 or 4 questions about making an appointment.

Hello, I’m calling because I’d like to make a doctor’s appointment.

First, is the doctor available today or tomorrow?

Also, what time appointments are available?

Do I need to bring anything, like my ID or medical records?

And how long does the appointment usually take?

Thank you for your help.




12. I'm sorry, but there's a problem I want you to resolve. You made an appointment with your doctor,
but something came up, so you cannot make it. Call the doctor's office, explain the situation, and
reschedule the appointment.

Hello, this is 금영.

I’m calling about my doctor’s appointment.

I’m sorry, but something came up, so I won’t be able to make it today.

Could I reschedule the appointment for another day?

If possible, I would like to come sometime this week.

What times are available?

Thank you for your help.